feature/cisco_dacl (#7466)
inverse-inc/packetfence: docs/network/networkdevice/dell.asciidoc

  1010 permit tcp any any eq http
  1020 permit tcp any any eq 443

==== N1500 Series (FW >= 6.8.0)

Downloadable ACLs:

This configuration has been tested on FW 6.8.1.
Important, even if "authentication allow-srcipanyacl enable" has been enable on the switch, it doesn't support ACL with source ip and the ACL direction are only in.

> So per example you have this configured in PacketFence:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, for example, if you have this configured in PacketFence:
```
